DMG TYPES:
0: phys
1: fire
2: ice
3: poison
4: dark
5: holy


How do we wanna implement mobile devices?
probly left-tilt right-tilt for left-right movement
Other control inputs include:
tilt forward/back: can use, but may be difficult to get it to stop on one PARTICULAR item
dragging
simple clicking (tapping?)
best would be some sort of scroll interface to choose skills, a la TR4's inv ring system

https://jsfiddle.net/tvdvw9aq/58/


TO DO:
1) Add more monsters
2) Stat check system should be fine.
3) ADD MOAR LOOTS so we dont keep getting the freakin cook's ring!


quest instantiation:
 - when user reaches a certain lvl. This'll need to be some percentage (or fixed range?) BEFORE the quest's designated level
 - from merchant. Again, when user reaches appropriate lvl

leveling sys: 

skill upgrade process: after each fight, you get xp depending on level of monster. This is then used in a level system (linear? logarithmic?). After each level, you get a skill point. You can then use accumulated skill point(s) to buy skills. First tier skills are automatically given. 2nd tier costs 1 pt, 3rd tier costs 2 points, 4th tier... 4 points? yet to decide.

reset game doesnt seem to be working. functions are all there... why is dialog not being triggered?

NEED TO MAKE ICICLE DO 2x DMG VS STUNNED. Can (should!) we use this effect for other stuff too? What about other effects? PROFESSION based effects?


probly need to rewrite UI panel stuff. Will need to separate it into distinct panels (instead of CurrUIEl stuff).

1 panel for menu
1 for inventory + xp bar stuff
1 for quest lists
1 for CURRENT skills and NEXT skills (tree!)
1 for beastiary

we can still keep $scope.chInv in main.js, since we'll still need to cycle inventories.

need to, @ some point go thru and remove unused functions. Will have a number of these after UI pan rework


https://www.draw.io/#G0B1InMvwUCMHbREk2ZnAzTVpCT00

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pojQLzuZOSipoPisMi3CDh-ySeQqkgkE0xBBMwE_6hU/edit#gid=494119378
..where is cook's ring used? is it like d2 charms, that it has effect if in inv? THINK SO

do we want imgUrls for all bosses or just essentials?

Skill purchasing now works or at least should!

FIX INVENTORY?:
A lot of items are returning undefined in the inventory UI. Should console.log em out and see what's being returned.

can (should) we use letsencrypt?

new possible skill fx:
dmg vs stun
crit (% extra dmg)
heal on hit (paly only)
double-attack? 

possible prof skills:
WAR:
-crit (+dmg) chance
-double attack

SORC:
-dmg vs active degen (PER degen?)

NECRO:
-lifesteal
-sacrifice skills (self damage for major dmg boost)
-self-degen

PALY:
-heal on hit

how do we make them feel DIFFERENT?! what about defensive light, offensive light, etc.? profession specific quests? these would probly need to be generated manually

need to separate armor by weightclass (and make more!) - done! armors 

ARMOR CREATOR:
https://jsfiddle.net/L7wccqc6/10/show/

Allow armor/weap/skill creation via community? in other words, release armor/weap/skill creation engines to public? These'd need a voting system.


right now, the player can reload the page to spam xp. we need to find a way to prevent that. snapshot of game @ start of lvl? either that, or make level saving more specific. for 2nd option:
save curr location. save cells (including ones cleared!). save xp/skills
quests filtered! yay!
limit beasts in bestiary panel to those already encountered? would need array on the user model.

need to figure out quest reward system. Should be SOME mount of bonus xp, plus... random unique? do we want uneeks? while this'd require a big rewrite of all loot-related stuff, it'd provide incentive to complete quests. 
Either that, or make some sort of trophy system. trophies would need to be premade, i think?

music!

xp STILL isnt updating after mons kill

FEAR condition? would need to add 1) weapon affix, 2) flee affect from 'successful' fear, 3) flee version that DOESNT say "successfully fled!", 4) fear effect to skills

fog mode?
